README.md, before:

# babel-plugin-jsx-svg-inject

> Add SVG file imports for React components

This plugin can transform this:
```jsx
<Icon svgName="eye" />
```

into this:
```jsx
var _svgContents = "<svg xmlns=\"http://www.w3.org/2000/svg\" viewBox=\"0 0 200 200\">\n  <circle cx=\"100\" cy=\"100\" r=\"100\"/>\n</svg>\n";
<Icon svgName="eye" svgContents={_svgContents} />;
```

The main benefit here is that explicit imports for the images are not needed and instead a single component can be used.

The plugin includes the contents of the file as a string, so there is no need for additional plugins or loaders.

## How does it work?

The plugin searches for a specific prop on JSX Elements (by default it's `'svgName'`) and adds an import to the file for each one.
The exported value is put in an additional prop (by default it's `'svgContents'`).

The path in the import will be either relative to the processed file or an absolute one (depends on the `root` option).

### Upgrading to v.4

The plugin now inlines the source of the image.
Previously another plugin or loader was needed for that (an import was added instead), which could be quite bothersome.

The upgrade should be painless if no complicated logic was used for importing the files.

### Upgrading to v.3

In version 2.x and below the plugin looked for a JSX element with a specific name.
This was less flexible - there was no simple way of having SVG injected into different tags.
This was changed in version 3.0.0 and the JSX property now has the role that the tag previously had.

## Usage

Install from the npm and then add this to `.babelrc`:
```json
{
  "plugins": [
    "jsx-svg-inject"
  ]
}
```

## Options

### `root`
Default: `'.'`

The path that will be used in the resulting import declaration.

Relative paths (e.g. `./some-path`), will be resolved using the current working directory.

### `nameProp`
Default: `'svgName'`

The value of the prop with this name will be used for getting the SVG path.

### `contentsProp`
Default: `'svgContents'`

The value of the prop with this name will be used for setting the SVG contents.

### `unwrap`
Default: `false`

If set to `true`, the `<svg>` tag will be stripped from the images, and the attributes from the tag will be passed to the resulting element.

For example, with this option enabled and a file like this:
```jsx
<SVG svgName="some-path/foo" />
```

the output might be something similar to this:
```jsx
var _svgContents = "\n  <rect x=\"10\" y=\"10\" width=\"100\" height=\"100\" />\n";
<SVG svgName="some-path/foo" svgContents={_svgContents} viewBox="0 0 120 120" height="120" width="120" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" />;
```

## License

Copyright (c) 2017 Rafał Ruciński. Licensed under the MIT license.

Commit message:

Add an option to use imports instead

README.md, after:

# babel-plugin-jsx-svg-inject

> Add SVG file imports for React components

This plugin can transform this:
```jsx
<Icon svgName="eye" />
```

into this:
```jsx
var _svgContents = "<svg xmlns=\"http://www.w3.org/2000/svg\" viewBox=\"0 0 200 200\">\n  <circle cx=\"100\" cy=\"100\" r=\"100\"/>\n</svg>\n";
<Icon svgName="eye" svgContents={_svgContents} />;
```

The main benefit here is that explicit imports for the images are not needed and instead a single component can be used.

The plugin includes the contents of the file as a string, so there is no need for additional plugins or loaders.
There is also an option to have the imports added instead (`useImports`).

## How does it work?

The plugin searches for a specific prop on JSX Elements (by default it's `'svgName'`) and adds an import to the file for each one.
The exported value is put in an additional prop (by default it's `'svgContents'`).

The path in the import will be either relative to the processed file or an absolute one (depends on the `root` option).

### Upgrading to v.4

The plugin now inlines the source of the image by default.
Previously another plugin or loader was needed for that (an import was added instead), which could be quite bothersome.

The upgrade should be painless if no complicated logic was used for importing the files.
In case the imports are preferred, please use the `useImports` option.

### Upgrading to v.3

In version 2.x and below the plugin looked for a JSX element with a specific name.
This was less flexible - there was no simple way of having SVG injected into different tags.
This was changed in version 3.0.0 and the JSX property now has the role that the tag previously had.

## Usage

Install from the npm and then add this to `.babelrc`:
```json
{
  "plugins": [
    "jsx-svg-inject"
  ]
}
```

## Options

### `root`
Default: `'.'`

The path that will be used in the resulting import declaration.

Relative paths (e.g. `./some-path`), will be resolved using the current working directory.

### `nameProp`
Default: `'svgName'`

The value of the prop with this name will be used for getting the SVG path.

### `contentsProp`
Default: `'svgContents'`

The value of the prop with this name will be used for setting the SVG contents.

### `unwrap`
Default: `false`

If set to `true`, the `<svg>` tag will be stripped from the images, and the attributes from the tag will be passed to the resulting element.

For example, with this option enabled and a file like this:
```jsx
<SVG svgName="some-path/foo" />
```

the output might be something similar to this:
```jsx
var _svgContents = "\n  <rect x=\"10\" y=\"10\" width=\"100\" height=\"100\" />\n";
<SVG svgName="some-path/foo" svgContents={_svgContents} viewBox="0 0 120 120" height="120" width="120" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" />;
```

### `useImports`
Default: `false`

If `true`, an import will be added instead of inlining the content.
This was the default behavior before v.4.

## License

Copyright (c) 2017 Rafał Ruciński. Licensed under the MIT license.
